README.md, before:

# Welcome to the twopoint.dev website 👋
![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)
[![Twitter: tw0po1nt](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/tw0po1nt.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/tw0po1nt)

> This is the repository containing the code for twopoint.dev, a technical blog by Matthew Watt.

<br>

# Overview
This website is a static site using NextJS. There is no CMS, the content for each post is written as a component. Maybe one day if I write enough posts, I'll refactor it to use a CMS. But for now, this is sufficient.
<br />
## Getting started

### 1. Clone the repository
```sh
git clone https://github.com/tw0po1nt/twopoint-website.git
```

### 2. Install dependencies

```sh
npm install
```

### 3. Build the site

```sh
npm run build
```

### 4. Run the site
```sh
npm start
```

### 5. See running app in browser

See your running application [here](http://localhost:3000)

## Author

👤 **Matthew Watt**

* [GitHub](https://github.com/tw0po1nt)
* Twitter: [@tw0po1nt](https://twitter.com/tw0po1nt)

Commit message:

v1.0.0 release of the TwoPoint website (#4)
* Astro migration complete + Fable Reminders Part 1

* Create astro-staging.yml

* Update astro-staging.yml

* Fix images

* Final polish after proofreading

* Include code link

* Fix read time bug

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the twopoint.dev website 👋

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)
[![Twitter: tw0po1nt](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/tw0po1nt.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/tw0po1nt)

> This is the repository containing the code for twopoint.dev, a technical blog by Matthew Watt.

<br>

# Overview

This website is a static site using Astro, based on the AstroWind template. There is no CMS, the content for each post is written as an MDX file. Maybe one day if I write enough posts, I'll refactor it to use a CMS. But for now, this is sufficient.
<br />

## Getting started

### 1. Clone the repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/tw0po1nt/twopoint-website.git
```

### 2. Install dependencies

```sh
npm install
```

### 3. Build and run the site

```sh
npm run dev
```

### 4. See running app in browser

See your running application [here](http://localhost:4321)

## Live site

[View live site](https://twopoint.dev)

## Author

👤 **Matthew Watt**

-   [GitHub](https://github.com/tw0po1nt)
-   Twitter: [@tw0po1nt](https://twitter.com/tw0po1nt)
